feat(datetimepicker): new date/time picker component [MA-848, MA-896] (#785)
Kong/kongponents: docs/components/datetimepicker.md

# DateTime Picker

<div v-if="hasMounted">

**KDateTimePicker** - A date and time selection tool, displayed inside a popover.

## Examples

A single date or time picker instance will emit a Jasvscript Date object as a `string`.
Whereas an instance of this component that displays a date range or a series of relative time frames, will emit an `object` containing the following values:

```js
{ 
  "start": "2022-09-06T19:45:54.406Z",
  "end": "2022-09-07T19:45:54.406Z",

>   "timePeriodsKey": "24h" // or ""

Reviewer: For these examples, would it make sense to document the type of thing they point to instead of an example? (Or at least point out the type alongside the example). 

e.g. `Date()` or 'String` or whatever 

We should also show here what a single date looks like.

}
```

### Single date

> Create a single date selection calendar, defaulting the [selected value](#defaultcustom) to tomorrow.

Reviewer: I think it should default to the current day, not tomorrow. This matches other popular UI libraries.

    @change="newVal => emitVal3 = newVal"
    placeholder="Please select a date and time"
    mode="dateTime"
    :range="false"
  />
  <div class="mt-6">Emitted value: <pre class="json">{{ JSON.stringify(emitVal3) }}</pre></div>
</div>

```html
<KDateTimePicker
  v-model="currentValue"
  @change="newVal => emitVal = newVal"
  placeholder="Please select a date and time"
  mode="dateTime"
  :range="false"
/>
```

### Date and time range

Set the `v-model` to [Range date time picker](#range-date-time-picker-v-model)

<div>
  <KDateTimePicker
    v-model="currentValue4"
    @change="newVal => emitVal4 = newVal"
    placeholder="Please select a date and time"
    mode="dateTime"
    :range="true"
  />
  <div class="mt-6">Emitted value: <pre class="json">{{ emitVal4 }}</pre></div>
</div>

```html
<KDateTimePicker
  v-model="currentValue"
  @change="newVal => emitVal = newVal"
  placeholder="Please select a date and time"
  mode="dateTime"
  :range="true"
/>
```

### Calendar and Relative time frames

Set the `v-model` to [Range date time picker](#range-date-time-picker-v-model)

Display both a calendar and relative time frames, passing in a preset week-long range.

> This instance also makes use of the `minDate` and `maxDate` parameters, which are both optional.

Reviewer: Since you're demoing how to use `minDate` and `maxDate`, can you include the values you are setting these to in the example code that is displayed instead of just the variable?

```
:minDate="minDate"
:maxDate="maxDate"
```

  :minDate="minDate"
  :maxDate="maxDate"
  :range="true"
  :timePeriods=[
    {
      section: "Last",
      values: [
        { key: "15m", prefix: "Last", timeframeText: "15 minutes", start: function() {}, end: function() {} },
        { key: "12h", prefix: "Last", timeframeText: "12 hours", start: function() {}, end: function() {} },
        { key: "24h", prefix: "Last", timeframeText: "24 hours", start: function() {}, end: function() {}},
        ...
      ]
    },
    {
      section: "Current",
      values: [
        { key: "current_week", prefix: "Current", timeframeText: "week", start: function() {}, end: function() {} },
        { key: "current_month", prefix: "Current", timeframeText: "month", start: function() {}, end: function() {} }
      ]
    }
    {
      section: "Previous",
      values: [
        { key: "previous_week", prefix: "Previous", timeframeText: "week", start: function() {}, end: function() {} },
        { key: "previous_month", prefix: "Previous", timeframeText: "month", start: function() {}, end: function() {} }
      ]
    }
  ]
/>
```

### Relative time frames only

Set the `v-model` to [Range date time picker](#range-date-time-picker-v-model)

> Same time frames as the previous example, except now we're passing in a pre-selected time frame.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

This utilizes the same time frames as the previous example; however, in this example we are passing in a pre-selected time frame.
```

  @change="newVal => emitVal = newVal"
  placeholder="Please select a time frame"
  mode="relative"
  :timePeriods=[
    {
      section: "Last",
      values: [
        { key: "15m", prefix: "Last", timeframeText: "15 minutes", start: function() {}, end: function() {} },
        { key: "12h", prefix: "Last", timeframeText: "12 hours", start: function() {}, end: function() {} },
        { key: "24h", prefix: "Last", timeframeText: "24 hours", start: function() {}, end: function() {} },
        ...
      ]
    },
    {
      section: "Current",
      values: [
        { key: "current_week", prefix: "Current", timeframeText: "week", start: function() {}, end: function() {} },
        { key: "current_month", prefix: "Current", timeframeText: "month", start: function() {}, end: function() {} }
      ]
    }
    {
      section: "Previous",
      values: [
        { key: "previous_week", prefix: "Previous", timeframeText: "week", start: function() {}, end: function() {} },
        { key: "previous_month", prefix: "Previous", timeframeText: "month", start: function() {}, end: function() {} }
      ]
    }
  ]
/>
```

## Props

### v-model

#### Single date time picker `v-model`

> A single date or time picker instance will emit a Javascript Date object as a `string`.
> 
> ```js
> "2022-09-06T19:45:54.406Z"  // ISO 8601 Date string
> ```

Reviewer: This talks about the values that are emitted, but can you instead show an example of how a user would set the `v-model` value?

nit: `JavaScript` not `Javascript`
```suggestion
A single date or time picker instance will emit a JavaScript Date object as a `string`.

```js
"2022-09-06T19:45:54.406Z"  // ISO 8601 Date string
```
```

Author: Something like this?

> A single date or time picker instance which can be seeded with a value like so:
> ```
>  <KDateTimePicker
>     v-model="currentValue"
>     ...
>  />
> ```
> Where `currentValue` is a valid Date object (eg: set to `new Date()`).

Reviewer: Yep. I think the emits details you have here (for both) can be moved down to the **Events** section (you don't have to use that table format down there if the layout is weird)

Author: Moved all emitted notes to the ` ## Events` section. Let me know if that's clear enough.

#### Range date time picker `v-model`

An instance that displays a date range or a series of relative time frames will emit an `object` containing the following values:

```js
{
  "start": "2022-09-06T19:45:54.406Z",  // ISO 8601 Date string
  "end": "2022-09-07T19:45:54.406Z", // ISO 8601 Date string
  "timePeriodsKey": "24h" // or "" if not applicable
}

> ```

Reviewer: This talks about the values that are emitted, but can you instead show an example of how a user would set the `v-model` value?

### maxDate

`Number` which blocks out days/times that occur **after** the given timestamp. `maxDate` gets passed down to the calendar component, and does not apply to relative time frames.

**default**: `null`

### minDate

`Number` which blocks out days/times that occur **before** the given timestamp. `minDate` gets passed down to the calendar component, and does not apply to relative time frames.

**default**: `null`

> 

Reviewer: 1. issue: The props are actually typed to `Date`, meaning instead of telling the user to pass in a `Number` we should be telling them here to pass in a valid `Date` object. Can we update the descriptions (and possibly add an example) of what the user can actually pass in? 
2. nit: Can you switch the order of these props so that `minDate` is first, and `maxDate` is second?

### mode

> `String` parameter which accepts the following values: `date`, `time`, `dateTime` and `relative`. The latter is meant to denote an datetime picker instance which only contains relative time frames.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Required `String` prop which accepts the following values: `date`, `time`, `dateTime` and `relative`. 

The `relative` value is meant to denote an datetime picker instance which only contains relative time frames.
```

### placeholder

`String` containing the default message displayed in the date time picker input. Clearing any selected values will revert the input to display this placeholder message.

**default**: `Select a time range`

### range

> `Boolean` which determines whether the calendar allows selection of a **single** date or time, as opposed to a **range** of start and end values. This parameter, along with the `mode` setting, gets passed down to the calendar component.

Reviewer: We don't need to inform the user how the underlying external package component works.

```suggestion
`Boolean` which determines whether the calendar allows selection of a **single** date or time, as opposed to a **range** of start and end values.
```
